✨ Tiger - Adding project prefix before key decisions, items done this Sprint, next steps, and action items (#116)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Tiger: .claude/agents/consolidator.md

}
```

### Item product prefix (applies to `keyDecisions.items[]`, `doneThisSprint.items[]`, `nextSteps.items[]`, `actionItems[]`)

Every item string emitted in these four fields - including action items nested inside timeline segments - must begin with the **short** name of the product or project the item is associated with, followed by ` - ` (space, hyphen, space), followed by the description you would have written anyway.

Format: `<Product> - <description>`

Rules:

> - Use the **short** product/project name as it's spoken at SSW: `Cheetah`, `Crystal Ball`, `Tiger`, `YakShaver`, `SophieClaw`. Not the fully-qualified form (`SSW.Tiger`, `SSW.CrystalBall`).

Reviewer: Same here -> use good and bad examples

```suggestion
- Use the **short** product/project name as it's spoken at SSW, not the fully-qualified form.
E.g. `Cheetah`, not `SSW.Cheetah`, `Crystal Ball`, not `SSW.CrystalBall`, `Tiger`, `not SSW.Tiger`.
```

Author: ✅ Done

> - Multi-word product names stay multi-word (`Crystal Ball - ...`, not `CrystalBall - ...`).

Reviewer: Wait is CrystalBall not a singular name have I been writing it wrong the whole time

Author: ❌ No - CrystalBall is a singular name, but as per our conversation, because SSW.Tiger reads off the transcript, there is no way or reading it as a single word since MS Teams will always transcribe it as two words, and its not worth the clarity of defining a list of product names that are treated as a singular word.
